Hi Rajiv Please see inline for New Vendor needs. Please contact me should you have any questions and or concerns. Regards Pamela Forwarded message From Pamela Swaby Date Thu Jul 18 2019 at 6 17 AM Subject 07 17 19 New Vendor On boarding Requirements for Wikimedia Foundation Inc. To Hi Rajiv By way of introduction my name is Pamela and I manage the Wikimedia Foundation s Purchasing Department. I am working with my colleagues to help on board your organization as a service provider. In order to accomplish this I will need the following. Please provide a completed w 9 a completed Supplier Information Form a quotation or your terms for the subscriptions requested Please complete and return to me at the earliest opportunity. For your general information our normal payment terms are Net 30 days from invoice receipt date and our preferable payment method is via a bank ACH transaction. Please let me know if these terms and payment method are acceptable. Feel free to contact me should you have any questions and or concerns regarding this request. We look forward to working with you. WMF Internal Ref. Only CRF 2646 Kind Regards Pamela Swaby Sr. Purchasing Manager Wikimedia Foundation pswaby@wikimedia.org Direct line 415 839 6885  “Imagine a world in which every single human being can freely share in the sum of all knowledge. That s our commitment.” Donate. Pamela Swaby Sr. Purchasing Manager Wikimedia Foundation pswaby@wikimedia.org Direct line 415 839 6885  “Imagine a world in which every single human being can freely share in the sum of all knowledge. That s our commitment.” Donate.
Hi Marketing team Greetings from Gupshup..! Are you looking at leveraging WhatsApp to drive your business . Hiverhq.com can explore various use cases like customer on boarding customer support sending important notifications to your customer on their WhatsApp number. Major brands are already using WhatsApp as their primary channel for communicating with their customers. Let me know if we can discuss further on this. You can reach me @ 9590745723 or punitha.m@gupshup.io About Gupshup Gupshup has enabled leading enterprises like CitiBank ICICI bank Kotak IndusInd NoBroker Cred to gain early access to WhatsApp Business.Enterprises can leverage Gupshup’s out of the box WhatsApp Business solution to build quickly and operate at scale . Gupshup is the highest category partner for WhatsApp having onboarded over 225 enterprises for WhatsApp Business with one of the largest volumes for notifications and customer engagement and also enables early access to new product features ahead of other partners. Gupshup’s industry leading global messaging platform with proven scale of over 4.5 billion messages per month and 270 billion messages overall has also helped Gupshup enable WhatsApp for Business for various enterprises across multiple verticals including banking e commerce retail insurance and travel. Gupshup’s Single API solution for 30 messaging channels has enabled businesses to easily integrate 1 way and 2 way messaging on WhatsApp with fall back to SMS connectivity in over 225 countries with multi channel auto routing option. In addition to multi channel auto routing Gupshup manages WhatsApp opt in through SMS missed call and Web chat and also handles large template volumes with auto translation for WhatsApp delivery and language preferences. Additionally Gupshup’s Bot platform that currently supports over 39 000 bots can easily handle WhatsApp FAQ Bots with live agent handoff for various customer support use cases. Key Points · Gupshup is an official Solution Provider for WhatsApp Business and we can help enterprises gain early access to WhatsApp Business. · Gupshup can also help you get started with necessary integration so that once your business gets approved for Early Access you will be ready. · We offer a single API that works for SMS and Data channels like WhatsApp. Hence if you re already using Gupshup s API to send SMS there s zero or very minimal integration required to send messages on WhatsApp. · Currently WhatsApp only allows transactional or informational messages to be sent to customers on WhatsApp. Promotional or remarketing content is not allowed but may be allowed at a later phase. To ensure only transactional content is being sent message templates need to be submitted for approval to WhatsApp. Gupshup will manage the whole approval process on your behalf. We will also ensure that only templated messages are sent to WhatsApp in order to comply with WhatsApp policies. · Gupshup supports text and rich media message formats image document audio to be sent over WhatsApp. · WhatsApp requires that customer must give an explicit opt in on a third party channel like website app missed call SMS keyword physical form call centre etc. before the business can send them any transactional notifications alerts on WhatsApp. Gupshup manages the whole opt in and opt out solution on your behalf. · Gupshup can build two way messaging workflows for customer service customer support and product discovery. You can think of some use cases beforehand e.g. track package status cancel order reschedule order etc. for ecommerce clients OR balance check get account statement etc. for banking and financial services clients. · Gupshup provides real time delivery and read reports for WhatsApp messaging which enables business to objectively measure performance. Punitha M TSO GupShup gupshup.io The Leading Smart Messaging Platform Gupshup launches SME dashboard on WhatsApp http tc.im  Mobile Messaging at Work and Play Beyond Conversation http tc.im cuwex How OnePlus phones will smartly sort your texts using on device AI http tc.im voqkb
Hey Ganesh from Marketing here. We re sending out a newsletter tomorrow Feb  to all our customers. We ll be needing the updated customer list for that. Exact requirement List of all active paying customers along with their Email IDs First Name and Last name. Let me know if you have any questions. Ganesh MukundanContent Marketing SpecialistLinkedIn Blog
Test Email
Appeal Received MY CONSOLE Your Google Cloud Project grexit.com manifest woods 473 Action Needed Security Reassessment and Reverification Hi We’re emailing you because your app has an annual requirement to recertify your Letter of Assessment LOA and get reverified. The deadline for your app is March 30 2021 to complete our annual reverification requirements and provide an updated Letter of Assessment LOA . This requirement applies to all apps accessing Gmail restricted scopes. Please satisfy the below two requirements by March 30 2021 in order to maintain access to the restricted scopes requested by your app Step 1 Demonstrate continued compliance with our Additional Requirements for Specific Scopes and Limited Use requirements. To do this follow the steps below listed under “Demonstrate compliance”. Step 2 Complete a security reassessment by one of the Google designated  party assessors. We will inform you once your project reaches this stage of the verification process. Until then please do not pursue a reassessment until you have completed the previous requirement and receive further instructions from our team. Note The reassessment process with the security assessor is estimated to take one month. Therefore we suggest you complete the steps below as soon as possible to ensure your team has enough time to complete the reassessment. Demonstrate compliance 1. Add a disclosure to your app that complies with the below requirements The disclosure should clearly call out the app’s compliance adherence to the Google API Services User Data Policy including the Limited Use requirements. You must provide a link to the URL where the disclosure is hosted. The disclosure must be easily visible to all users. The disclosure must be accessible on the project’s homepage URL or one click away from the homepage URL. The disclosure must be under 500 characters. Example disclosure “ App’s use of information received from Google APIs will adhere to Google API Services User Data Policy including the Limited Use requirements.” Note that apps distributed on Google Play are subject to the Google Play Developer Distribution Agreement. 2. Let us know of any changes to your app . If you have not made any changes to your app’s functionality and or your app’s usage of Restricted scopes since your last compliance review please respond to this email to confirm your agreement with the following statement “I hereby confirm that there have been no changes to my app’s functionality in relation to Restricted Scopes and or changes to my app’s usage of Restricted Scopes since completion of my last security assessment. I understand that my app may be randomly audited for continued compliance with the Google API Services User Data Policy. I understand that if my app falls out of compliance then access to Restricted scopes will be revoked.” . If you have made changes to your app’s functionality then please respond to this email with a YouTube video link that meets all the below requirements Video is publicly accessible OAuth Consent Screen is in English OAuth Consent Screen shows the App Name URL bar of the OAuth Consent Screen shows the Client ID containing the project number fully displayed Note this is not required for native Android and iOS apps Shows the OAuth grant process that users will experience Shows how the data will be used by demonstrating functionality for each sensitive and restricted scope that are being requested Shows how data is accessed on each OAuth client. This is required for every OAuth client in your project. Once you respond to this email we will review your app for compliance. In case we have further questions our team will reach back out to you on this email thread. If we confirm your app is still compliant we will respond to this email with next steps on reaching out to a qualified  party security assessor to begin the reassessment process. Please do not pursue a reassessment until further instructions from our team. You can find more information on the OAuth Application Verification FAQ. GO TO MY CONSOLE Thanks The Google Cloud Trust Safety Team © 2020 Google LLC 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View CA  have received this mandatory service announcement to update you about important changes to Google Cloud Platform or your account.
Hi Mário Thank you for your recent feedback on the level of support you received from Hiver. We have one small favor to ask. Given your recent feedback we would appreciate it if you left us a product review on Hiver here.The review helps us share your feedback with the world and continue to improve the level of support you receive.Thank you for your consideration in advance and stay safe from !
Hi Pan Thank you for your recent feedback on the level of support you received from Hiver. We have one small favor to ask. Given your recent feedback we would appreciate it if you left us a product review on Hiver here.The review helps us share your feedback with the world and continue to improve the level of support you receive.Thank you for your consideration in advance and stay safe from !
Hi George Thank you for your recent feedback on the level of support you received from Hiver. We have one small favor to ask. Given your recent feedback we would appreciate it if you left us a product review on Hiver here.The review helps us share your feedback with the world and continue to improve the level of support you receive.Thank you for your consideration in advance and stay safe from !
Hi Drew Thank you for your recent feedback on the level of support you received from Hiver. We have one small favor to ask. Given your recent feedback we would appreciate it if you left us a product review on Hiver here.The review helps us share your feedback with the world and continue to improve the level of support you receive.Thank you for your consideration in advance and stay safe from !
Hi Mark Thank you for your recent feedback on the level of support you received from Hiver. We have one small favor to ask. Given your recent feedback we would appreciate it if you left us a product review on Hiver here.The review helps us share your feedback with the world and continue to improve the level of support you receive.Thank you for your consideration in advance and stay safe from !
Hi Priyanka Thank you for your recent feedback on the level of support you received from Hiver. We have one small favor to ask. Given your recent feedback we would appreciate it if you left us a product review on Hiver here.The review helps us share your feedback with the world and continue to improve the level of support you receive.Thank you for your consideration in advance and stay safe from !
Hi Breona Thank you for your recent feedback on the level of support you received from Hiver. We have one small favor to ask. Given your recent feedback we would appreciate it if you left us a product review on Hiver here.The review helps us share your feedback with the world and continue to improve the level of support you receive.Thank you for your consideration in advance and stay safe from !
FALL in love with Our ReIntroduced Bioss Loading Controls This fall season get reaquainted with the loading from Bioss now easier than ever to order and use! Get Ready To Fall in love with the New Low Prices on our Loading Control Antibodies Our Loading Control Antibodies now have a starting price of 99! These are backed up by our Bioss Guarantee giving you ultimate security. Loading Control Free Samples! Bioss Loading Control Antibody Special You get a free 20µl sample!! Just click the discount code below! Select an unconjugated loading control antibody. Add the 20µl size to your cart Checkout! Limited quantities of Loading Control antibody samples available through our Global Distributors Bioss Antibodies 400 trade center drive suite 2990 Woburn Massachusetts 01801 United States Preferences Unsubscribe
Hi Ben Thank you for your recent feedback on the level of support you received from Hiver. We have one small favor to ask. Given your recent feedback we would appreciate it if you left us a product review on Hiver here.The review helps us share your feedback with the world and continue to improve the level of support you receive.Thank you for your consideration in advance and stay safe from !
Hi Kelli Thank you for your recent feedback on the level of support you received from Hiver. We have one small favor to ask. Given your recent feedback we would appreciate it if you left us a product review on Hiver here.The review helps us share your feedback with the world and continue to improve the level of support you receive.Thank you for your consideration in advance and stay safe from !
Hi Kevin Thank you for your recent feedback on the level of support you received from Hiver. We have one small favor to ask. Given your recent feedback we would appreciate it if you left us a product review on Hiver here.The review helps us share your feedback with the world and continue to improve the level of support you receive.Thank you for your consideration in advance and stay safe from !
Hi Andy Thank you for your recent feedback on the level of support you received from Hiver. We have one small favor to ask. Given your recent feedback we would appreciate it if you left us a product review on Hiver here.The review helps us share your feedback with the world and continue to improve the level of support you receive.Thank you for your consideration in advance and stay safe from !
Hi Christina Thank you for your recent feedback on the level of support you received from Hiver. We have one small favor to ask. Given your recent feedback we would appreciate it if you left us a product review on Hiver here.The review helps us share your feedback with the world and continue to improve the level of support you receive.Thank you for your consideration in advance and stay safe from !
Hi Thank you for your recent feedback on the level of support you received from Hiver. We have one small favor to ask. Given your recent feedback we would appreciate it if you left us a product review on Hiver here.The review helps us share your feedback with the world and continue to improve the level of support you receive.Thank you for your consideration in advance and stay safe from !
Hi Murata Thank you for your recent feedback on the level of support you received from Hiver. We have one small favor to ask. Given your recent feedback we would appreciate it if you left us a product review on Hiver here.The review helps us share your feedback with the world and continue to improve the level of support you receive.Thank you for your consideration in advance and stay safe from !
Highlights Visitor Name businesscloud@rudnerlaw.ca Visitor Email businesscloud@rudnerlaw.ca Chat started on https .hiverhq.com existingDomain?usersession 497867 amp extension 1 Chat started at 2020 08 31 06 13 AM PDT Referring website https accounts.google.com signin oauth consent?authuser 0 amp part             x    d        amp hl en amp as S 905318883  Location Canada Burlington ON Transcript View this transcript online for additional information Content Akshay Hello 06 13 AM Akshay I am Akshay 06 13 AM Akshay How may I assist you today? 06 13 AM To stop receiving your transcripts via email change your settings at https www.olark.com customize behavior
Hi Kindall Thank you for your recent feedback on the level of support you received from Hiver. We have one small favor to ask. Given your recent feedback we would appreciate it if you left us a product review on Hiver here.The review helps us share your feedback with the world and continue to improve the level of support you receive.Thank you for your consideration in advance and stay safe from !
Hi Will Thank you for your recent feedback on the level of support you received from Hiver. We have one small favor to ask. Given your recent feedback we would appreciate it if you left us a product review on Hiver here.The review helps us share your feedback with the world and continue to improve the level of support you receive.Thank you for your consideration in advance and stay safe from !
Hello Jack Let me involve my support teams to look into this for you. Will you be available for a quick screen share session to look into this now?
Hi Karin Thank you for your recent feedback on the level of support you received from Hiver. We have one small favor to ask. Given your recent feedback we would appreciate it if you left us a product review on Hiver here.The review helps us share your feedback with the world and continue to improve the level of support you receive.Thank you for your consideration in advance and stay safe from !
Hi Srdjan I was informed by Ashok that you are having difficulty with mapping aliases to leads@ Shared Mailbox. Please elaborate the case to me so that I can assist you better with this.To know how to set up the Alias in the Hiver shared mailbox you can visit our knowledge base article by clicking here.Stay safe!
Hi There! Thanks for your email. We are experiencing higher than usual volume at this time and as a result of the unprecedented world health crisis are limited in resources. One of our Fleural Advisors will respond as soon as possible. If you have a time sensitive matter we recommend contacting us directly for immediate assistance as follows You can chat with us 24 hours a day seven days a week by clicking Contact Us Or speak with an Advisor over the phone at 800 808 9830 Our current hours of operation are Monday Friday   EST Saturday Sunday   EST Our Best Wishes Your Fleural Advisor Team 800 808 9830 info@venusetfleur.com Check out our Frequently Asked Questions This e mail may contain information that is confidential privileged or otherwise protected from disclosure. If you are not an intended recipient of this e mail do not duplicate or redistribute it by any means. Please delete it and any attachments and notify the sender that you have received it in error. Unintended recipients are prohibited from taking action on the basis of information in this e mail. E mail messages may contain computer viruses or other defects may not be accurately replicated on other systems or may be intercepted deleted or interfered with without the knowledge of the sender or the intended recipient. If you are not comfortable with the risks associated with e mail messages you may decide not to use e mail to communicate with Venus ET Fleur. Venus ET Fleur reserves the right to the extent and under circumstances permitted by applicable law to retain monitor and intercept e mail messages to and from its systems.
Highlights Visitor Name Mary Visitor Email mary@rudnerlaw.ca Visitor Phone 416 864 8519 Chat started on https hiverhq.com js olark.html?email mary@rudnerlaw.ca amp name Mary Chat started at 2020 08 31 06 47 AM PDT Referring website https mail.google.com mail u 0 Location Canada Milton Transcript View this transcript online for additional information Content Akshay Hello Mary 06 47 AM Mary mary@rudnerlaw.ca Hi! We d like to switch to monthly invoices. Is that possible? What s the cost difference? 06 47 AM Akshay I am Akshay 06 47 AM Akshay I have informed your Customer success manager Shakthi regarding your query. He will get back to you soon with all the details 06 48 AM Mary mary@rudnerlaw.ca How soon? Our invoice is due tomorrow. 06 48 AM Akshay He will contact you within the next hour. 06 49 AM Mary mary@rudnerlaw.ca Thanks. 06 49 AM Akshay Welcome 06 49 AM Akshay Stay safe! 06 49 AM Akshay We value your feedback. Please share your feedback on Hiver support experience once you end the chat. Have a good day. 06 49 AM To stop receiving your transcripts via email change your settings at https www.olark.com customize behavior
We had fraud on our card. We should get a new card tomorrow or Wednesday.Dustin
Hello It looks like authentication was cancelled for one of our mailers I m assuming because the mailbox owner is not longer a active user. Can you please confirm how we can address asap?Thanks Sarah
Hi Team patternlife.com had a case of card fraud so they have blocked their card. They will get a new card issued in two or three days. Please make sure the account doesn t get suspended.Their billing date was 2019 08 29
Highlights Visitor Name Javier Visitor Email javier@xcellencerealty.com Visitor Phone 3052836590 Chat started on https hiverhq.com js olark.html?email javier@xcellencerealty.com amp name Javier Chat started at 2020 08 31 07 23 AM PDT Referring website https mail.google.com mail u 0 Location United States Miami FL Transcript View this transcript online for additional information Content Javier javier@xcellencerealty.com hi can the mobile app give notifications 07 23 AM Javier javier@xcellencerealty.com when a new message comes in to an inbox? 07 23 AM Akshay Hello Javier 07 23 AM Akshay I am Akshay 07 23 AM Javier javier@xcellencerealty.com Hi 07 24 AM Akshay There is a setting in Hiver admin panel which needs to be enabled so that there is a notification triggered whenever there is a new email in the shared mailbox. 07 24 AM Javier javier@xcellencerealty.com does this work for the mobile app as well? 07 25 AM Akshay Yes it does. All the notification which you receive in the Hiver web app replicates in the mobile app as well. 07 25 AM Javier javier@xcellencerealty.com ok so where is the setting 07 26 AM Akshay Hiver icon Admin panel  icon shared mailbox Settings Advanced Settings Enable New Emails Notify everyone when new email arrives in the Shared Mailbox 07 27 AM Akshay This needs to be enabled for all the shared mailboxes individually. 07 27 AM Javier javier@xcellencerealty.com got it thanks 07 32 AM Akshay Welcome 07 32 AM Akshay Is there anything else I could assist you with today? 07 32 AM Javier javier@xcellencerealty.com also can u tell me a little more about this setting 07 32 AM Javier javier@xcellencerealty.com Remove email from inbox on re assignment When emails are reassigned or unassigned remove it from the previous assignee s inbox 07 32 AM Akshay In Hiver when an email is assigned to you it gets copied in your Inbox too so that you can access all the emails which are assigned to you from your inbox without going to Hiver Shared Mailbox. 07 35 AM Akshay However if you assigned the email to somebody else the email still stays in your Inbox if his setting is disabled . if you wish those emails to go way if you reassign the email to someone else then you can enable this setting. 07 35 AM Javier javier@xcellencerealty.com got it yes i will enable so i dont have to be removing the inbox label all the time 07 36 AM Akshay Sure 07 37 AM Akshay Let me know if you have more questions I will be more than happy to assist you. 07 37 AM To stop receiving your transcripts via email change your settings at https www.olark.com customize behavior
Highlights Visitor Name Pauline Visitor Email pauline.r@everythingkitchens.com Chat started on https hiverhq.com js olark.html?email pauline.r@everythingkitchens.com amp name Pauline Chat started at 2020 08 31 07 41 AM PDT Referring website https mail.google.com mail u 1 ?tab wm Location United States Brookline Transcript View this transcript online for additional information Content Pauline pauline.r@everythingkitchens.com I just downloaded Hiver for my work email and I would like to take a product tour can you possibly give me a link to that? 07 41 AM Akshay Hi Pauline 07 42 AM Akshay I am Akshay. 07 42 AM Akshay Welcome to Hiver 07 43 AM Akshay If you have any particular question regarding the workflow in Hiver you can either ask me or you can visit our self help article by clicking in this URL https help.hiverhq.com 07 43 AM Pauline pauline.r@everythingkitchens.com Every time I go to start product tour it takes me to chat support where I am trying to actually tour the product 07 46 AM Akshay There are actually 3 steps mentioned in the Tour. Are you looking for a video where you can go through all the components of Hiver? 07 49 AM Pauline pauline.r@everythingkitchens.com Yes 07 52 AM Akshay I will let your customer success manager Shakthi know regarding this he will arrange a video for you. 07 54 AM Akshay I also notice that you are not added to any of the shared mailbox in Hiver yet. 07 54 AM Akshay Please ask your admin Brett to add you in the Hiver shared mailbox as well so that you can access it from the Gmail s left panel. 07 55 AM Pauline pauline.r@everythingkitchens.com My manager is aware of it and is going to add me. Today is my first day. Thank you for asking Shakthi to send a video to me I appreciate it. 07 56 AM Akshay Welcome 07 56 AM Akshay You will receive an email from him soon. 07 57 AM Akshay Stay safe! 07 57 AM Akshay We value your feedback. Please share your feedback on Hiver support experience once you end the chat. Have a good day. 07 57 AM To stop receiving your transcripts via email change your settings at https www.olark.com customize behavior
Hiver is facing delays in processing emails associated to the below user s . We are working on resolving this issue and will update you after resolution.Affected user s mgallardo@numomfg.com
This issue has been resolved.
Hiver is facing delays in processing emails associated to the below user s . We are working on resolving this issue and will update you after resolution.Affected user s stevi.barlow@vacasa.com
Hiver is facing delays in processing emails associated to the below user s . We are working on resolving this issue and will update you after resolution.Affected user s courtney@modway.com
Hiver is facing delays in processing emails associated to the below user s . We are working on resolving this issue and will update you after resolution.Affected user s dquinn@extremereach.com
Hiver is facing delays in processing emails associated to the below user s . We are working on resolving this issue and will update you after resolution.Affected user s anil@grexit.com
Hiver is facing delays in processing emails associated to the below user s . We are working on resolving this issue and will update you after resolution.Affected user s irma@lilyanncabinets.com
Hiver is facing delays in processing emails associated to the below user s . We are working on resolving this issue and will update you after resolution.Affected user s jahumada@arrivelogistics.com
Hiver is facing delays in processing emails associated to the below user s . We are working on resolving this issue and will update you after resolution.Affected user s oksana.marchuk@nhfc.com
Hiver is facing delays in processing emails associated to the below user s . We are working on resolving this issue and will update you after resolution.Affected user s nwilliams@oxblue.com
Hiver is facing delays in processing emails associated to the below user s . We are working on resolving this issue and will update you after resolution.Affected user s jordan.mercado@balancecredit.com
Hiver is facing delays in processing emails associated to the below user s . We are working on resolving this issue and will update you after resolution.Affected user s kmorris@numomfg.com
Hiver is facing delays in processing emails associated to the below user s . We are working on resolving this issue and will update you after resolution.Affected user s stacey@myfreecamsmail.com
Highlights Visitor Name Ethan Visitor Email ethan@storageunitsoftware.com Chat started on https hiverhq.com js olark.html?email ethan@storageunitsoftware.com amp name Ethan Chat started at 2020 08 31 07 58 AM PDT Referring website https mail.google.com mail u 0 Location United States Saint George Transcript View this transcript online for additional information Content Ethan ethan@storageunitsoftware.com Hiver emails are going to my sent folder. Is there a way to fix this issue? 07 58 AM Akshay Hello Ethan 07 58 AM Akshay I am Akshay. 07 58 AM Akshay In Hiver when you are part of a Shared mailbox all the emails which are sent using the shared mailbox email address sync in everyone s sent folder. This is to make sure that no one misses any email and every user can access all the emails of the shared mailbox at any given point of time. 08 00 AM Ethan ethan@storageunitsoftware.com Is it normal for them to go to just the normal sent folder or should they only be going to the shared mailbox? 08 01 AM Ethan ethan@storageunitsoftware.com Some of our employees get them in their sent folders while others do not. 08 01 AM Akshay If an email is sent using the shared mailbox email address it syncs in the sent folder as well as the closed section of the shared mailbox. 08 04 AM Akshay All the users who has the Send mail as set up for the shared mailbox can see these emails in their sent folder if they do not have it setup they cannot access those emails in their sent section. 08 04 AM Akshay Is there anything else I could assist you with today? 08 11 AM Akshay It seems like you have moved away from the screen or left the session so I am ending this chat. If you have any more questions please feel free to drop by at support@hiverhq.com I ll be more than happy to help you out 08 27 AM To stop receiving your transcripts via email change your settings at https www.olark.com customize behavior
Demo request alert Raghavhttps meetings.hubspot.com  Demo request alert Raghavhttps meetings.hubspot.com  1 20 Hi team You have demo request from Pramod Shankar company BRICK has been booked on 9 1 20 IST. Regards Amit Gupta Hiver Suite 203 2880 Zanker Rd San Jose California 95134 US You received this email because you are subscribed to sales Notification from Hiver. Update your email preferences to choose the types of emails you receive. Unsubscribe from all future emails
Hiver is facing delays in processing emails associated to the below user s . We are working on resolving this issue and will update you after resolution.Affected user s jenn@myfreecamsmail.com
Hiver is facing delays in processing emails associated to the below user s . We are working on resolving this issue and will update you after resolution.Affected user s sandy.liang@nhfc.com
